Scanning 
    The first step in any compiler or interpreter is scanning. The scanner takes in raw source code as a series of characters and 
    groups into a series of chunks called tokens. Tokens are meaningful words and punctuation that make up the language's grammar. 
    

Error Handling 
    If you care about making a language that's actually usable, then handling errors gracefully is vital
    The tools a language provides for dealing with errors make up a large portion of user interface. 
    When errors happen it is up to us to give the user all the information they need to understand what went 
    wrong and guide them gently back to where they are trying to go

    The reason to pull the error reporting into the Lox class instead of the scanner or other phases is because it is good practice to separate the code that 
    generates the errors from the code that reports them. 

    Various phases of the front end will detect errors, but it's not their job to know how to presen that to the user. 

Lexemes and Tokens

    var language = "lox";

    In lexical analysis the job is to scan through the list of characters and group them together into the smallest sequences that still represent 
    something.  Each of these blobs of charagers is called a lexeme 

    In the above example the lexemes are as follows: 

    [var] [language] [=] ["lox"] [;]

    The lexemes are the the raw substrings of the source code. However in the process of grouping character sequences into lexemes, we stumble upon useful information. 
    Bunding the lexemes with useful data results in a token.

Token type

    Keywords are part of the shape of the language's grammar, so the parse often has code like 
        "If the next token is while then do ..."
    That means the parser wants to know not just that it has a lexeme for some identifier but that it has a reserved word, and which keyword it is. 


Literal value
    There are lexemes for literal values - numbers and strings, etc. 
    Since the scanner has to walk each character in the literal to correctly identify it, 
    it can also conver that textual representation of a value to the living runtime object that will be used by the interpreter later.

Regular Languages and Expressions
    The core of the scanner is a loop. Starting at the first character in the source code, the scanner figures out what lexeme the character belongs to 
    and consumes it along with any other character that belongs to taht lexeme. When it reaches the end of that lexeme it emits a token
    This loop continues until the end of the file is reached. 

    The rules that determine how a language groups characters into lexemes its called its lexical grammar. 
    In lox , the rules of that grammar are simple enough for the language to be classified as a regular language. 
    The same "regular" as in regex

    You can precisely recognize all the different lexemes for Lox using regexes. Tools like Lex or Flex are designed to let you do this, You give them a handful of regexes 
    and they give you a complete scanner back

Recognizing Lexemes
    In each turn of the loop, we scan a single token. 
    Imagine if every lexeme were only a single character long. All we would need to do is consume the next character and pick a token type for it
    Several lexemes are only a single character in Lox, so we start with those

Lexical errors 
    What happens if a user throws a source file containing characters Lox doesn't use. 
    We can report an error
